# WebPage_Prototype

## Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Features
3. Technologies Used
4. Installation and Setup
5. Usage
6. Contributing
7. License

## Introduction
Prototype of WebPage Version.
This is my profile webpage with my CV. 
Any employer or someone with needs of Work can access to my work profile.
My work untill now and currently working projects.

## Features
List the key features of your project.

## Technologies Used
Mention the technologies you've used in this project.

# CSS - Cascading Style Sheet

This is a color palette generated from [Paletton](http://paletton.com/#uid=21w0u0kuiiUvNtru4nlwudexs7O)

## Hex Codes

.color-primary-0 { color: #978308 } /* Main Primary color */
.color-primary-1 { color: #EBCA02 }
.color-primary-2 { color: #BAA20B }
.color-primary-3 { color: #695B00 }
.color-primary-4 { color: #3E3500 }

.color-complement-0 { color: #2B1067 } /* Main Complement color */
.color-complement-1 { color: #3F11A0 }
.color-complement-2 { color: #36147F }
.color-complement-3 { color: #1C0748 }
.color-complement-4 { color: #10042B }
```

## RGBa Codes

.rgba-primary-0 { color: rgba(151,131,  8,1) } /* Main Primary color */
.rgba-primary-1 { color: rgba(235,202,  2,1) }
.rgba-primary-2 { color: rgba(186,162, 11,1) }
.rgba-primary-3 { color: rgba(105, 91,  0,1) }
.rgba-primary-4 { color: rgba( 62, 53,  0,1) }

.rgba-complement-0 { color: rgba( 43, 16,103,1) } /* Main Complement color */
.rgba-complement-1 { color: rgba( 63, 17,160,1) }
.rgba-complement-2 { color: rgba( 54, 20,127,1) }
.rgba-complement-3 { color: rgba( 28,  7, 72,1) }
.rgba-complement-4 { color: rgba( 16,  4, 43,1) }


Generated by [Paletton.com](http://paletton.com) © 2002-2014


## Installation and Setup
Provide step by step guide on how to install and setup your project locally for development and testing purposes.

## Usage
Explain how to use your project after installation and setup have been done correctly.

## Contributing
If you want others to contribute to your project, provide guidelines on how they can do so.
## License
Include the license information here.

CSS STAR BACKGROUND Author https://codepen.io/sarazond and codepen https://codepen.io/sarazond/pen/LYGbwj